Of course.
So this lecture I'm going to take the design that I introduce you before this current market access
portal works.
And I'm sure you could for that.
The really basic technique then I can put that into a deployable usable prototype.
Now this is a play which you probably have design in hand if you are interested in design.
So I'm in the process of putting you know of course how Shinners designers anybody who wants to actually
get even more into this and do the design themselves.
But right now the best thing you can do is find someone else to design it so that this person that you
have something to work with doesn't have to be perfect because you can't keep your feet you've bought
whatever you see those incredibly simple.
We're not going to use any code it's something that anybody can do take much time.
So without further ado you have to show you have an emergency access panel the last chair and then start
working with it.
All right.
So I'm going to show you how to take those designs that you've gotten created or they're polished or
not.
And move those into pet Daco and add some interactivity.
Now there are going to be multiple lectures on this.
I'm going to show you right now how we're going to do the front end of the web version and then later
I get to show you how we do the tablet version in the mobile version that will bring it all together
and I can show you what they look like in actual display on actual devices.
So what I did is I just went ahead and created a project.
Now remember to label it correctly not like we did last time.
I just call it a prototype and AP was the marketing access portal and that was what I showed you in
the previous lecture.
So that's what we're going to use since that one has wireframe and design and it's easy to use.
So I went ahead and created a page right here just to save a little bit of time but what I'm going to
do is I'm going to create multiple pages and then I'm going to we're going to go through I mean to show
you how we import the images and use interactivity.
So right here is the homescreen and now one thing that's worth doing is when I get to the home screen
I just know that I'm going to import an image and use it kind of in the background here.
But what you need to do is you need to make sure that your canvas is large enough to accommodate the
image and the way that you do that is you would go to first go to the image files that you have and
if you're on a Macintosh you right click it and you get info on a PC it's a very similar process.
What we do is we just go to more info right here and it gives you the dimensions 16:00 by 20 to 22.
And obviously I know that it has more height than it has width.
So this is going to be the height and this is going to be the width.
So now that I know that 16:00 by 20 22 you can go in here now select the page and right click this and
then go to width and I've already set it right here.
So he made a mistake 22 and then when you hit enter or you click out it will resize to roughly what
the image should be.
Now that's good because if I had a canvas that was too small and important an image that was big it
would overlay on top of the canvas.
And then when I go to simulate it I'd actually only display the part that is pasted over the canvas
and that would be a problem and it wouldn't come through correctly.
You might not actually know what's wrong because every time you log into that Oko you see it correctly.
So now there's multiple ways of importing your image.
I don't suggest using a background image.
I personally just pull it in as a layer.
You can do it as a background if you wanted to do as a background right here or you just select your
image and you import it.
I don't do that.
I just like kind of throwing it in and being able to move it.
When you do it as a background it's actually plastered in there and you can't move it cut it crop it
or anything like that.
We don't necessarily have to do that right now but it's something I appreciate the flexibility.
Now another way you can do it is you drag an image in double click it and then add the image and the
last way to do it is you can simply just import it into the side panel into my images by hitting upload
new image and then dragging it in.
I always just do it this way I throw an image.
I double click it.
I've already imported it soldiers double click it again and there it is and then slide it so it fits
OK.
And it looks good.
Now one thing that's important to do when you do this because we're building a prototype and the biggest
part of the prototype is that it looks it looks seamless it looks native when we actually go ahead and
put it onto someone's computer or someone's tablet someone's mobile app what you want to do is you want
to go to simulate and we covered this previously with the wireframe.
But just go to simulate plain and all that's going to do is just display your image in a browser.
So OK so now I did that.
Now I can see this is what it actually displays at when I'm displaying it in my browser.
Now what's interesting here is that first of all you need to make sure just ignore the top bar.
You can never really get rid of that.
They put this up here because you might want to switch between scatch sketched aerial and plain that's
not relevant to this because we're just displaying an image and then obviously you can add comments
here.
But what's interesting here is that it's actually cut off.
OK.
And that's not something that you want.
I'm using a pretty standard resolution on my computer which means that someone else probably with the
same problem you never want your Web site where you have to scroll over to see the whole thing.
That's a little bit ridiculous and also this is way larger than it ever won it.
Well if I were to go and make this and develop this it would the developer would actually make this
size down to the resolution so they'd make it probably responsive or hard coded to make it fit most
standard browsers.
So we're going to want to shrink this so that it actually comes over on this edge.
So what's actually going to be more important is that you go and you check out what your browser resolution
is.
Now there's really no quick trick to do this on your Web site you just need access to the Internet.
And so what I would do is just go to this is what my browser size dot.com pretty easy to remember.
I'll put that in the resources and right here it's going to tell you what your browser window with is
and what's your browser window height is are more concerned with this one because previously when you
saw we simulated it it had that issue.
So what I'm concerned with is 13 75 now going to go back and I'm going to edit that into the canvas
by going here and changing that previous 6800 to 13 75.
OK so now you can't tell because it actually changed the canvas underneath this.
So usually you just dip it down.
And then what I try to do is I grab this corner and you're grabbing the corner because you want it to
scale properly not only vertically only horizontally because that will create distortion distortion
is always going to happen.
Unfortunately with these prototypes This is the best you can really do.
So then I'll slide it up and fit it.
OK.
So now what I have is this a little bit of wiggle room down here.
I'm not really concerned with that because it's a prototype.
No one's really going to scroll down all the way to the bottom.
But if you were really concerned with it you could take a couple of stabs at it lowering the canvas
height you could try to bring it down to 9900.
And as you see it's getting closer and closer it's not really an exact science go like that.
OK.
That's close enough for me at least.
And then what we can do is simulate plane again.
And there you go.
Now it fits the browser correctly and this is roughly what it should look like in the browser.
Minus that little tag.
Now if you wanted to view it perfectly well you could do is just click this for your purposes.
But now I can see pretty much everything.
OK so now that I have this displaying correctly in the actual screen I going to go back and create some
more screens by just going back to the bride comes navigation.
And here's what I usually do is I usually just create all the pages at once that I that I want you know
actually what's go ahead and duplicate a page that'll be much easier.
So trash this one and we'll go here and we will duplicate it.
So a clone element.
OK.
Now that's what I'm going to call the
info page.
OK so homescreen that we created.
Now let's go to the home info page.
Double click it.
So he got all this images and stuff in here it's perfect because it's already precise for our browser.
Now we just want to import the next image.
We'll just throw in an image
OK.
So then the import project info there takes us do what we did before.
And then we want to zoom it to fit
OK.
And now this one has a much longer length.
So we're going to have to do is increase the height of the image.
So I want to find
so it's 43 50 so ago appear change the height.
It's a long page.
Changed it to 43 50.
OK.
So it went a little bit over because we shrunk a little bit but we can always taper that down.
Remember So let's bring it down to forty one hundred overdo it.
Maybe just checking.
So that should display correctly.
We can check.
I simulating it.
Everything looks good.
OK.
So now we've set up that second page.
Now we'll go back and set up another page.
There's one page actually missed which was the stacked version of the homescreen so many going ago the
homescreen to duplicate it.
Now we're going to call this one screen.
Stack might as well call this one homescreen grid just so we know the difference stack is when you want.
You tell the system to display portfolio items in a stack.
You'll see it just here in a second.
So we'll go here.
I was going to assume it's the same size and will throw in an image
k then we'll just import it
OK so then we import it and it should just fit roughly and then shrink it to fit
again.
OK.
Looks like it works.
All right.
Perfect.
OK so now that we have three screens inserted I can show you very quickly now how we can link some of
these screens together.
It's a little bit different than how we did it before but it's actually just as simple.
So let's go to the original screen or get to screen grid and zoom in.
Now what you want to do is you can identify any areas that have basic interactivity so right here we
have a search box that's probably going to want to be able to search through that.
Now through a prototype you're not going to be able to hear.
Usually when you click up at the top left button what it will do is lead back to the home page just
general just kind of X.
Here is the categories section.
That's something I don't actually have designed so it's something I would leave out.
Here we have the grid view and because it's highlighted we know that we're seeing the grid view.
Now if you guys went and got all sorts of different states designed say you had this designed and then
you had designed this button to look like this.
So it would look correct when you click on that button we could actually add a lot of interactivity
where if you hover over it it changes the way it looks.
Unfortunately I'll actually have that in the design asset so we're just going to have to simulate pages.
So what you want to do is you want to pull over here in the course stencils area and you can use this
thing called an action area.
Now all I want to do is take the action area and put it over any area I think that they think I really
should simulate as a button.
So I'll put it over the time of and now that is a click area.
So what I'll do is action click and I'll send the target to home screen grid OK.
Simple enough.
And then we can just keep doing this for individual section.
So if I went say they wanted to double tap grid.
Well it's up to you if you want to be able to let them do that.
Let's say that they can click stack anywhere in this area and they'll put click will put the target
home screen stack you go and down here it will be the homescreen contact us.
I might as well put it down here and then later I'll mess with it.
You go make a big case.
People are messy with their clicks.
And then we can go to Khond home contact us.
OK.
So now let's make sure that that works go to simulate playing.
OK so now I'm going to click this OK.
Now it took me back to the homescreen nothing happened.
Phoniest stacked view like this.
There you go.
Now you've stacked you
OK.
And then if I wanted to say click the contact us it would take us to a page that we haven't yet defined.
So you know it took me to a page that doesn't have click areas so what I would just generally do do
is go in the back screen now when you put all your prototypes together you'll have all of these work.
But this is the basics of how you make action areas work.
So this will take me to nowhere because I've designed anything.
Well this is the template that I copied over but now you can see basically this is how interactions
work in Pinocchio.